# Algeble

## Introduction

Algeble is a web-based game developed by Undar and Pilot. It challenges players to deduce an algebraic expression generated by the machine and obtain its result with the minimum amount of clues and guesses.

## Game Overview

At the beginning of the game, the machine generates a random algebraic expression with an integral result ranging from 100 to 999. Players' goal is to deduce this expression and obtain its result using clues provided by the machine.

During each turn, players input an algebraic expression that they believe results in the same number generated by the machine. The machine then compares the player's expression with its own and provides clues in a "Wordle format" to help players deduce the original expression.

## Clues

Wordle format clues:
- A green tile indicates that the character is in the correct spot of the expression.
- A yellow tile indicates that the character is in the expression but in the wrong spot.
- A grey tile indicates that the character, or extras of the character, is not included in the expression.

## How to Play

1. Players input an algebraic expression.
2. The machine provides clues.
3. Players use the clues to deduce the machine's original algebraic expression.
4. Once confident, players can guess the 3-digit integer by pressing the "guess" button.

## Additional Information

- Leading zeroes and formula redundancies such as `0+*/`, `+-*0`, `1*`, `*/1` are not allowed in clues.
- For further inquiries or bug reports, players can contact @undar_0828 on Instagram.

## Note

Please refresh the page to play again.

